Updated tls.md with 2 different CA settings (#4574)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/install-dashboards/tls.md

server.ssl.enabled | This setting is for communications between OpenSearch Dashboards and the web browser. Set to true for HTTPS, false for HTTP.
server.ssl.certificate | If `server.ssl.enabled` is true, specify the full path to a valid client certificate for your OpenSearch cluster. You can [generate your own]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/generate-certificates/) or get one from a certificate authority.
server.ssl.key | If `server.ssl.enabled` is true, specify the full path (e.g. `/usr/share/opensearch-dashboards-1.0.0/config/my-client-cert-key.pem` to the key for your client certificate. You can [generate your own]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/configuration/generate-certificates/) or get one from a certificate authority.

> server.ssl.certificateAuthorities | Certificate Authorities that issued the dashbords server certificate in list format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server.ssl.certificateAuthorities | This setting adds the SSL certificate authority which issues SSL certificates for the Dashboard's server in a list format. 
```

> opensearch.ssl.certificateAuthorities| Certificate Authorities that issued Opensearch certificate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
opensearch.ssl.certificateAuthorities | This setting adds the SSL certificate authority for OpenSearch.
```
